usb-to-ethernet and usb-to-serial section (#103)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: network.rst

By enabling IPv6 for both WAN and LAN interfaces without specifying an address for the LAN, your router will automatically request
and receive an IPv6 prefix (usually a /64) from your ISP through DHCPv6-PD.
This prefix will then be used to assign individual IPv6 addresses to devices on your network.

USB-to-Ethernet Adapters
------------------------

USB-to-Ethernet adapters are not considered suitable for use in a firewall device that is critical to network communication, for this reason the drivers are not included in the NethSecurity image.
Only for experimental purposes, specific drivers can be installed via the package manager for use in a test environment.

> .. note::
> 
>  It is strongly recommended **not to use these adapters in production environments**.
>  For Enterprise/Subscription versions: USB-to-Ethernet adapters **are not covered by Nethesis support**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended **not to use these adapters in production environments**.
If the unis has an Enterprise or Community subscription, bear in mind that USB-to-Ethernet adapters **are not covered by Nethesis support**.
```

.. warning::

>  These packages/kernel modules are not preserved across image upgrades, so in the event of an upgrade, you will need to download and install them again if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Extra packages, including kernel modules, are not preserved across image upgrades, so in the event of an upgrade, you will need to download and install them again if needed.
```
```

  kmod-usb-net-asix-ax88179 - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for USB-to-Ethernet ASIX AX88179 based USB 3.0/2.0 to Gigabit Ethernet adapters.
  kmod-usb-net-cdc-ether - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel support for USB CDC Ethernet devices
  kmod-usb-net-cdc-ncm - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel support for CDC NCM connections
  kmod-usb-net-dm9601-ether - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel support for USB DM9601 devices
  kmod-usb-net-lan78xx - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for Microchip LAN78XX based USB 2 & USB 3 10/100/1000 Ethernet adapters.
  kmod-usb-net-mcs7830 - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for USB-to-Ethernet MCS7830 convertors
  kmod-usb-net-pegasus - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for USB-to-Ethernet Pegasus convertors
  kmod-usb-net-rtl8150 - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for USB-to-Ethernet Realtek 8150 convertors  
  kmod-usb-net-rtl8152 - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for USB-to-Ethernet Realtek 8152 USB2.0/3.0 convertors
  kmod-usb-net-smsc95xx - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for SMSC LAN95XX based devices
  kmod-usb-net-sr9700 - 5.15.162-1 - Kernel module for CoreChip-sz SR9700 based USB 1.1 10/100 ethernet devices

* Install the right driver:
::

  opkg install kmod-usb-net-rtl8150

> * Verify a new ethX interface appears using ifconfig -a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify a new ethX interface appears using ``ifconfig -a``
```

* Configure the ethernet from the UI

> USB-to-Serial Adapters

Reviewer: Not sure this is the right place: USB-to-Serial are not related to networking.

Author: > Not sure this is the right place: USB-to-Serial are not related to networking.

moved to remote_access section
